README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/karmats/resume-generator.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/karmats/gocd-monitor)
[![Dependencies](https://david-dm.org/karmats/resume-generator/status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/karmats/resume-generator)

# Resume Generator

Generates a resume in material design, that can be stored and put up on your website.

## Create your resume
Go to [demo page](https://karmats.github.io/resume-generator) and fill in your resume data. Save page and put it up on your website :)

## Development

### Dev server
Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

### Build
Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build. To create a new version on demo page run `npm build:demo`.

### Running unit tests
Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

### Running end-to-end tests
Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.

Commit message:

Information about how to use linkedin data

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/karmats/resume-generator.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/karmats/gocd-monitor)
[![Dependencies](https://david-dm.org/karmats/resume-generator/status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/karmats/resume-generator)

# Resume Generator

Generates a resume in material design, that can be stored and put up on your website.

## Create your resume
Go to [demo page](https://karmats.github.io/resume-generator/?edit) and fill in your resume data. Save page and put it up on your website :)

### Linkedin
To use your information from linkedin, you need to get a [json resume](). Easiest way to get that is through [this page](https://jmperezperez.com/linkedin-to-json-resume/) where you just need to follow the instructions. When you have the json, go to [demo page](https://karmats.github.io/resume-generator/?edit) and use the "Upload Resume"-button.

## Development

### Dev server
Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

### Build
Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build. To create a new version on demo page run `npm build:demo`.

### Running unit tests
Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

### Running end-to-end tests
Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.
